<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_fzs_vcr_pz">
 <title>What is DITA?</title>
 <shortdesc>An overview of the system from which LwDITA originated.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p><b>DITA</b> - or, <b>Darwin Information Typing Architechture</b> - is an XML-based authoring tool 
   used to create and publish technical information into effective deliverables for an audience. 
   In a technical world, content created on things like Microsoft Word, email, WordPress, or 
   even HTML is not able to be used and re-used effectively in the future, making the content 
   ineffeicient and costing your team time and money that they shouldn't have to spend. DITA 
   is much more versatile, and can be reused not only within DITA, but across multiple platforms. 
   Content in DITA can be published out seamlessly- without copying and pasting - to PDF, HTML, 
   PowerPoint, and many forms for mobile devices/applicatons. </p>
  <p>DITA can be used for any kind of content, but is especially effective for instructional content
  like user manuals, guides, online help, training materials, proposals, whitepapers, reports, or 
  even books. Basically, if you are publishing any kindof content or information in a business or
  academic setting, you can benefit from using DITA. DITA will allow you to expand and improve your 
  work in the long run, while creating consistant, visually appealing documents for your business. 
  </p>
  <p>If you are familiar with XML, you can adapt very easily to DITA, as it serves to conform XML 
   documents and uses XML tools - however to really tap into the full potential of DITA and get the 
  most out of your content, you need to understand the additional tools offered in DITA that make 
  it worth using.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
