<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ditahistory">
 <title>History of DITA</title>
 <shortdesc>Here you will find a short history of DITA and how it has affected the world of technical 
  communication.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>With the invention of the <b>XML</b> - or, <b>eXtensible markup language</b> - in the mid 1990's, 
   IBM worked to develop a program through which XML could be processed for documentation. 
   Thus, <b>DITA</b> was born in 2001 to simplify XML and allow it to be used as a language for 
  documentation. The DITA maps were especially significant in that they organized and 
  outlined content like never before. </p>
  <p>The next addition to DITA, in 2002, was the <b>Open Toolkit</b>, which added domain specialization 
   to the already created topic specialization through a set of XSLT stylesheets. IBM encouraged the 
   integration of Open Toolkit to publish DITA, and many vendors have followed suit over the years. This
  Toolkit was donated to SourceForge in 2005 where it is continutally maintained by IBM, however it is
  not a part of the DITA Standards efforts through OASIS.</p>
  <p>The following year, IBM published the second edition of "Developing Quality Technical Information", 
   a great tool for reference about DITA. This edition included in introduction which specified the uses
  of tasks, concepts, references, etc. which had not been done before. One interesting note about this 
  book is that it describes DITA, in detail, serving as an almost completely necessary resource for anyone
  using DITA, yet it never mentions the name "DITA", as IBM was using it internally at the time.</p>
  <p>To make DITA a public product, the "<b>Organization for the Advancement of Structured
    Information Standards</b>, or, <b>OASIS</b>, created a committee to explore the standardization
   of DITA. This committee includes XML tool vendors, consultants on "Information Architecture and
   Content Management Systems", and others that work together to maintain the DITA standards as it
   becomes more widely used.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
